案例一:Do you agree or disagree with the followingstatement? It’s betterto watch serious movies to get deeper thoughts than towatch moviesthat amuse of entertain you.1 Movies:serious or entertaining?The world’s movie industry has witnessedunprecedented boom inrecent years. Delighted with an ample supply of excellentmotionpictures, global audiences are thankful for the combined effortsmade byfilm crews. Among these popular productions, serious moviesand entertainingmovies are the most influential. Some viewers arein favor of the former,saying serious ones evoke deeper thoughts,while other fans support the latterdue to their humor. According tomy preference, I would express my appreciationfor seriousmovies.To begin with, one of the most essentialgoals of movie-making is toenrich people’s inner world. To some extent,serious movies areplaying the role of pilots that can guide peoplepsychologically.Books can provide humans with food for thought and so canseriousmovies. An outstanding serious movie encourages audience to makefulluse of their imagination and common sense to think logically.Normally, mysteries are hidden in these movies so as toarousepeople’s curiosity. With a burning desire to find the answer,theviewers try hard to find the answer before the movie concludes.One example isa classic movie entitled Murder on the orientExpress. The plot is sothought-provoking that viewers are turnedinto detectives themselves. In themovie, a murder is committed onthe train and a number of passengers arebrought under suspicion.Motivated to discover the real murder, viewers arewilling to maketheir own judgment. Needless to say, watching such a movie isjustlike going on an unforgettable inner journey.In addition, the social and historicalbackground of serious moviesprovides people with an opportunity to comprehenda vast amount ofknowledge. The complicated social reality as well as what islyingdeeper inside can also be sensed. Gone with the wind, a mostpopularmovie starring Clark Gable and Vivien Leigh, presents astory during the CivilWar. The social realities during that specialperiod in history were vividlyshown in the plots. Another exampleis Tom Hank’s master work Forrest Gump. Aseries of historic eventsare also included inside the movie. The legendarylife of ForrestGump leaves a profound impression on all audiences. Hisfrequentencounters of epoch-making events, his unique way of thinking andhisattitude toward life along with his loving heart made him aforever hero inpeople’s minds.Even though movies for amusement helppeople to feel relaxed andhappy for a while, they might soon be forgotten. Bycontrast, theinfluences of serious movies last longer and are moreeasilytreasured as memories. After, the best art is to beremembered not to beforgotten. As a matter of fact, seldom do Iwatch funny movies more than once.After a temporary laugh, nothingmeaningful is left, whereas the serious moviesare cherished astreasures which are appreciated as often as possible. Eachviewingwill bring about fresh thoughts or deeper comprehension.Therefore, the merits encompassed withinserious movies far outweighthose of funny movies. No matter which featureattracts the largestaudience, all producers of serious movies, the directorsand theactors, continue their efforts with creating more memorable works.Aslong as the film industry advances toward further development,fans of seriousmovies are always ready to render their support.本篇文章重要的词语,一定要记住哦：：unprecedented adj 空前的，史无前例的boom n 繁荣an ample supply of充足的供应in favor of 支持；赞同to begin with 首先to some extent 在某种程度上，在一定程度上……providehumans with food for thought 为人类提供精神食粮（此句中provide……with……为固定搭配，表示“为……提供……）Murder on theorient Express 《东方快车谋杀案》（此电影根据英国侦探小说女王阿加莎.克里斯蒂（AgathaChristie）同名小说改编）commit vt 犯罪，做错事bring……under suspicion 使……遭到猜疑needless to say 毫无疑问，不用说go on a journey 去旅行，启程in addition 此外，另外Gone with the Wind《飘》Forrest Gump 《阿甘正传》（根据同名小说改编的美国电影，小说作者为温斯顿.格卢姆（WinstonGroom）。电影荣获1995年最佳影片奖，最佳男主角奖，最佳导演奖等6项奥斯卡大奖。a series of 一系列的；一连串的leave a profoundimpression on 给……留下深刻的印象epoch-making adj 划时代的；开创新纪元的；意义重大的along with 连同……一起；与……一道bring about 引起，导致encompass vt 包含；包围，环绕far outweigh 远远超过memorable adj 难忘的；值得纪念的as long as 只要render vt 给予译文:1 严肃电影还是娱乐电影？近年来，世界电影业经历了前所未有的繁荣。全球观众对优秀影片的充足供应颇感满意，而且对电影工作者所作出的共同努力充满了感激之情。在这些受欢迎的作品中，严肃电影和娱乐电影堪称最有影响的两大类。一些观众偏好前者，认为严肃电影可以启发更深入的思考，而其他观众因影片中充满幽默而支持后者。关于我而言，我更欣赏严肃电影。首先，电影制作的最基本目标之一在于丰富人们的内心世界。从某种程度来说，严肃电影犹如给予人们心灵引导的领航员。书能够为人类提供精神食粮，严肃电影亦然。一部杰出的严肃电影鼓励观众充分利用其想象力和常识进行逻辑思考。这些电影中通常隐含一些奥秘以激发人们的好奇心。抱着揭开谜底的强烈渴望，观众在影片结束之前会试图自己寻找答案。经典影片《东方快车谋杀案》确是一个范例。其情节引人入胜，就连观众自己也变成了侦探。影片中，火车上发生了一起谋杀案，某些乘客遭到了怀疑。期待找出真正凶手的观众宁愿作出自己的判断。很显然，观看此类电影就如同进行一次难忘的心灵之旅。此外，严肃电影中的社会与历史背景为人们提供了一个领悟大量知识的机会。同时，复杂的社会现实以及其根源也可获得观众的认知。《飘》（又名《乱世佳人》）是一部由克拉克·盖博和费雯·丽共同主演的佳作。影片讲述了一个发生于美国内战期间的故事，故事情节生动地展现出那个特殊历史时期的社会现实。汤姆·汉克斯的代表作《阿甘正传》是另一部典范之作。一系列历史性事件也出如今此影片当中。阿甘的传奇生活给观众留下了深刻的印象。他屡次遭遇的划时代的重大事件，他独特的思维方式以及他对生活的态度和温暖的爱心使他成为人们心里永远的英雄。尽管娱乐电影能够使人们暂时放松并开心起来，但它们可能很快就会被遗忘。相比之下，严肃电影的影响则会更长久地持续，且更容易珍藏于记忆中。不管怎样，最好的艺术是要被铭记于心而并非被忘记的。其实，我几乎不看幽默电影。（幽默电影）在一阵笑声过后，留不下任何有价值的东西。相反，严肃电影却可被视如至宝，并可不厌其烦地屡次观看，每一次观赏都会激发新鲜的想法或更深入的理解。所以，严肃电影的优点远远超过了幽默电影。无论哪类电影吸引最多的观众，所有严肃电影的从业者，包括导演和演员在内，会继续致力于创作更令人难忘的作品。只要电影行业的发展步伐还未停止，严肃电影的影迷们就会始终给予不懈的支持。案例二:Do you agree or disagree with the followingstatement?For future career success, is relating wellto other people moreimportant than studying hard at school?RobinsonCrusoe is only a dream hero existingin people's fancy world of imagination. Associal beings, humans cannever do without the help and support from others.Isolation is thestrongest enemy in one's career life. It has beenwidelyacknowledged that relating well to others paves the way forpeople to achieveprofessional success. However, that does not meanwhat has been learned inclass is not worthwhile. In my opinion,building good relationship with othersis as important as studyinghard at school.Aboveall, knowledge is power, just as ThomasJefferson once expressed. To someextent, the essences containedwithin all school subjects simply resemble theconcrete frames ofarchitecture. Without them, the building would sooncollapse. Inorder to achieve success in one's future career life, itisimperative for students to study hard at school. Therefore, thereis no excusefor any student to shun the most fundamental task ofstudying. The "Nopains, no gains" concept should be deeply rootedin the mind. Diligence isthe premise of a bright future. In thisregard, we may refer to Madam Curie, aPolish physicist and chemistfamous for her pioneering research onradioactivity. She studiedhard at school and earned her higher degrees. Thesubsequentscientific research made her the first person honored with twoNobelPrizes—in physics and in chemistry. She was the first femaleprofessor at theUniversity of Paris. Evidently, these unprecedentedachievements owed much toMadame Curie's untiring efforts atschool.Secondly,the modern world values teamwork,which is a key to career success. Onlythrough interactions withpartners can one master the art of cooperation. Thisvividlydemonstrates the significance of relating well to others. Atschool,there are many projects or group work assigned to students.The participationin any project requires the united efforts of allgroup members. During thecourse of a group task, each individualhas to work together with theirpartners. Bearing in mind theircommon goal, all members are devoted to theirassigned part of thetask. Just like different components of an engine,everyone isinterrelated. If a single part refuses to function, the wholeenginemay suddenly stop or even break down. It is such a dramatic effectthatdepicts the value of working harmoniously and resolving anyconflicts.Nevertheless,even though we have ascertainedthe value of diligence at school and alsotestified to theimportance of building good relationships with others, thereisstill one point that must be especially emphasized. To illustrate,it is notwise to become bookworms and spend all one's school timereading textbooks. Byno means could one succeed if he or she isonly good at reciting theories andcannot put what has been learnedinto practice. Therefore, a practical studyplan ought to be made.After all, every student is entitled to spend some timewith theirfriends.To sum up, working diligently at school isafundamental task on the part of students. On the other hand,learning how torelate well to others before entering employment isalso important. Everysingle day spent on campus ought to be madefull use of, as this crucial periodin life definitely constitutes astepping stone to a brighter future.本篇文章重要的词语,一定要记住哦：fancy adj. 想象的，幻想的social being n. 社会人；社会存在can never do without... 不能没有……isolation n. 孤立；隔离acknowledge vt. 承认pave the way for... 为……铺平道路；为……做准备worthwhile adj. 值得的Thomas Jefferson 托马斯·杰斐逊（美利坚合众国第三任总统（1801年～1809年），也是《独立宣言》（1776年）的主要起草人，美国开国元勋中最具影响力的人物之一。）resemble vt. 类似，相似，像collapse vi. 倒塌；瓦解it is imperative to... 做……是势在必行的shun vt. 逃避；回避No pains, no gains. 一分耕耘，一分收获。premise n. 前提in this regard 就这一点而言；在这一点上Madam Curie 居里夫人（波兰裔法国籍女物理学家、放射化学家。1903年6月25日，居里夫人发现了镭。1903年和丈夫皮埃尔共同获得了诺贝尔物理学奖，1911年又因放射化学方面的成就获得诺贝尔化学奖，从而成为第一位两次荣获诺贝尔奖的科学家。）radioactivity n. 放射现象；放射性；放 射能力subsequent adj. 随后的owe much to... 多亏了……untiring adj. 坚持不懈的；不知疲惫的；不屈不挠的interaction n. 互动；相互作用bear in mind 将……牢记在心assign v. 分配；指派it is...that... 是强调句，被强调的成分为“such a dramatic effect”。dramatic adj. 引人注目的；激动人心的depict vt. 描述；描绘resolve vt. 解决矛盾（争端、冲突、问题等）ascertain vt. 确定testify to 证明；说明put...into practice 将……付诸实践 beentitled to... 有权做……，有资格做……on the part of... 就……而言on campus 在校园be made full use of 被充分利用constitute vt. 构成，组成；形成stepping stone 垫脚石译文2. 搞好人际关系比努力学习更重要吗？鲁滨逊·克鲁索仅仅是存在于人们想象世界中的梦幻英雄人物而已。作为社会人的人类无法离开他人的帮助与支持。在一个人的职业生涯中，孤立是最强大的敌人。维系良好的交际圈为事业成功铺平道路，这已为人们所公认。尽管如此，这并不意味着在课堂上学到的知识毫无价值。在我看来，在学校建立良好的交际圈与用功学习同等重要。首先，正如托马斯·杰斐逊曾经所述，知识确是力量。从某种程度而言，所有学校课程中所蕴含的精髓简直就像建筑物的坚固框架，没有其支撑，建筑物很快就会倒塌。为了能够在未来的事业中取得成功，学生们在学校必须努力学习。所以，任何学生都没有理由推卸最基本的学习任务。“一分耕耘，一分收获”的观念应该深入人心。勤奋是光明未来的前提。在这一点上，我们可以以居里夫人为例，居里夫人是因对放射现象的开创性研究而闻名于世的波兰裔物理学家和化学家。在学校时，她刻苦攻读并获得了高学位。之后的科学研究使得她成为第一位同时获得物理和化学两项诺贝尔奖的人。同时，她还是巴黎大学的第一位女教授。不容置疑，这些空前的成就与居里夫人在校期间的不懈努力息息相关。其次，当今世界注重团队协作，因为团队协作是事业成功的关键。一个人只有通过与同伴互动才能掌握合作的技巧。这生动地展示了良好交际的重要性。在学校期间，有很多项目或团队任务分配给学生去完成。参与其中任何一个项目都需要所有成员的共同努力。在完成小组任务的过程中，每一个人都必须与同伴团结协作。由于怀着共同的目标，所有成员都会竭尽全力完成他们分内的工作。每个人如同构成一个引擎的部件一样紧密相连。假如某个部件出现故障，整个引擎就会忽然停止运转，甚至彻底崩溃。正是这种戏剧性的效果描绘出了和谐工作以及克服任何冲突的价值所在。但是，尽管我们确认了在学校勤奋用功的价值，也证实了与他人建立良好关系的重要性，仍然有一点需要引起特别重视。具体而言，使自己变成将整个学校生涯都用在读书上的书虫是不明智的。若一个人只善于背诵理论而不能将所学知识应用于实践的话，那么他／她无论怎么都不会成功。所以，必须制订出一个务实的学习计划。不管怎样，每个学生都有权利与好朋友共度一些校园时光。总之，在学校勤奋读书是学生的一个根本任务。另一方面，在进入职业生涯之前学会与他人交往也很重要。在学校中的每一天都应充分加以利用，因为人生中的这一重要时期无疑是成就光明未来的基石。如果托福写作希望达到27分+,那就好好读读吧;如果你自己搞不定,那请来名师汇,让写作名师帮你圆梦.写作高分案例我会定期发到微信和博客中,请定期阅读.名师汇,汇聚业界最顶尖的SAT名师和托福名师;名师汇,圆梦的地方!!
